h1. FSearch - MySQL full-text search for your Frog CMS

h2. About

*The FSearch plugin adds full-text search to your Frog CMS.*
This plugin only works for MySQL based installations.

Created by Andrew Crookston at CA Systems
Email: andrew at casystems dot se
Web: "http://www.casystems.se":http://www.casystems.se	

MySQL full-text search is a good choice if your running your site on a co-hosted server, since these solutions don't allow you to run external search engine software.

However if you are running a very large site or one with a lot of visitors the MySQL full-text search is probably not be the best option for you.
I recommend that you look into Solr, Sphinx or Xapian for better performance and functionality.

*Enjoy!*

h2. How it works

For every page you want searchable, check the "Make this page searchable" checkbox.
When you save the page the Title and BODY page-part will be copied into a search-optimized text field and indexed by MySQL.

Read up on the MySQL full-text search over at mysql.com:
"MySQL Full-Text":http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/fulltext-search.html
"Boolean Queries":http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/fulltext-boolean.html


h2. Installation

This plugin adds fields and indexes to your database tables so make sure you have a backup before activating the plugin!

h3. Download

There are two ways of downloading FSearch:

*1. Get the tarball*
Download the tarball from here: "http://github.com/acrookston/fsearch/tarball/master":http://github.com/acrookston/fsearch/tarball/master
Unpack the tarball in: @[your_frog_installation]/frog/plugins/@


*2. With Git*
To install FSearch make sure you have git installed on your system.
Then follow these easy instructions:
<pre>
cd [your_frog_installation]/frog/plugins/
git clone git://github.com/acrookston/ckfrog.git
</pre>

h3. Activate

*1. Enter the admin page* of your Frog installation and activate the plugin.

*2. Create two snippets*
First snippet, call it search-main and copy the contents of @snippet-search-main.txt@
Second snippet, call it search-form and copy the contents of @snippets-search-form.txt@

*3. Create a search page*
My recommendation is to use @/search@ but you can use whatever URL you want. Just remember to update the URL in the search-main snippet to reflect your search page URL.
The body contents of your search page should be: @<?php $this->includeSnippet('search-main'); ?>@

Now your ready to go!

You may also add the search-form snippet to your header for a site-wide search form.

h2. Road map

* Support for searching multiple page parts.
* Rolling back database changes when disabling the plugin.

h2. Disclaimer and License

Released under GPL License.
The source code is available at github: "http://github.com/acrookston/fsearch/tree":http://github.com/acrookston/fsearch/tree

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
